Bug 1686686 - Restructure 'pings' docs (#1665)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/reference/general/register-custom-pings.md

# Registering custom pings

After defining [custom pings](../../user/pings/custom.md) The Glean SDK build generates code from `pings.yaml` in a `Pings` object, which must be instantiated so Glean can send pings by name.

> ## Loading custom ping metadata into your application or library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API

### `registerPings`

 Loads custom ping metadata into your application or library
```

> {{#include ../../../shared/tab_header.md}}

Reviewer: Tabs missing :) Note that you can copy paste from [here](http://localhost:3000/appendix/contribution-guidelines.html#tabs).

In Kotlin, this object must be registered with the Glean SDK from your startup code before calling `Glean.initialize`
(such as in your application's `onCreate` method or a function called from that method).

```Kotlin
import org.mozilla.yourApplication.GleanMetrics.Pings

override fun onCreate() {
    Glean.registerPings(Pings)

    Glean.initialize(applicationContext, uploadEnabled = true)
}
```

</div>

<div data-lang="Swift" class="tab">

In Swift, this object must be registered with the Glean SDK from your startup code before calling `Glean.shared.initialize`
(such as in your application's `UIApplicationDelegate` [`application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplicationdelegate/1622921-application) method or a function called from that method).

```swift
import Glean

@UIApplicationMain
class AppDelegate: UIResponder, UIApplicationDelegate {
    func application(_: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions _: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {
        Glean.shared.registerPings(GleanMetrics.Pings)

        Glean.shared.initialize(uploadEnabled = true)
    }
}
```

</div>

> <div data-lang="Python" class="tab">

Reviewer: From this text it actually seems Python does not provide the `registerPings` API?

Author: It does have one, but it's implicitly called by the other code.

Reviewer: Hm, this is weird... but ok.

</div>

<div data-lang="Rust" class="tab"></div>
<div data-lang="Javascript" class="tab"></div>

> <div data-lang="Firefox Desktop" class="tab"></div>

Reviewer: Can we file bugs for the missing docs? The only ones that _actually_ don't have this API is Javascript and Firefox, right?

Author: I filed https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1714942
